hey there welcome back everybody we did
our fettuccine alfredo that was quickly
devoured by my onset guests Matt and Ron
our floor guys here at monadnock
flooring and now what we're going to be
making is penne alla vodka again another
simple dish and we'll go over and say hi
to the guys again hi guys Thank look how
was it fatal good yeah doing awesome you
have to tell everybody that we didn't
just eat that no yeah everybody went
pretty quick well I next dish is
something that we make at the restaurant
a lot but again it's one of those things
people go how do you make it can I do
that at home and that's what we're going
to do is penne alla vodka and luckily I
found some absolute citron which I don't
know where that came from well if that's
an absolute citron to make this with so
let's get back to our pan and get
cooking little olive oil and heat in the
pan on medium-high we're going to add
our punch at that first it's the most
important ingredient pancetta is a cured
bacon from Italy that is basically or it
can be made the United States but
basically what they do is say take the
same items like a bacon or take the same
thing like a bacon and cure it in salt
wear bacon is sometimes smoked this
pancetta is cured in salt you could
actually what's great and people always
cringe at this but they telling you
about it take sliced punch yet a little
bit of tomato lettuce extra virgin olive
oil on a sandwich it's phenomenal so if
you like it's a talia version of a BLT
but you don't even have to cook it what
we're doing is rendering some of the fat
out of the pancetta which is mostly fat
just like bacon is and we want to add
that to the flavor of what we're going
to be making as far as the panelle vodka
so we get that cooking we're going to go
over here we're going to get our roasted
garlic and add that to it now however
you like your pancetta to be rendered
down some people really like it crispy
like you do bacon they like that real
crispiness I like to get a little little
chewiness from it because it's going to
cook a little bit more as we go now the
other thing that we're going to do what
you need to know about it sometimes
people say to me well I can't find fun
Chetta right you say that guys I can't
yeah okay great good thanks man so you
can't find pancetta what do I use well
don't use bacon unless you like that
smoky flavor what you want to use is
prosciutto or pancetta those are more
similar but they're both cured items and
they both work the same way so we have
shallots attitude to the dish again i
love shouts what we're gonna do is take
this away just a little bit we're going
to add some of our vodka and we're going
to just bring that back we don't want to
get any claim oh look at that that was
wrong all right when you do it at home
and basically you don't want to do that
when you're at home unless you know what
you're looking for what I'm doing it's
plumb bang and here's here's the thing
flambe how important is it to the dish a
little bit what you want to do is cook
off some of that bitterness that alcohol
has right off at the top and by Flom
bang you're helping that evaporate now
when you're doing it my recommendation
is pull it away from the stove and get
it back on as evenly as possible when
you put it in tilt it just a little bit
the fat molecules pop up with the vapor
spray and the alcohol is kind of pulled
up with it and pal that's where we have
that excitement it looks great for
camera though and nothing went off look
at that it's a beautiful thing that's
our little test and see if we're going
to turn on any alarms here from there
we're going to add a little bit of Mahdi
nah no socks I pre make my mahdi not a
sauce of course and may I like making my
own but if you wanted to use a sauce
that you pre-buy that's fine also we're
going to let that cook in there so we
have shallots garlic pancetta need the
season we didn't cease until this point
we'll get a little seasoning in there
I will let that cook down a little bit
what do you think I so far it smells
great yeah let's play with really easy
all right I mean we really didn't do too
much again it's in one pan this will be
enough for two and I'm going to add our
cream you know our magic cream that's
the magic part of the whole show is how
it really brings together some all these
flavors around it before we made a
straight cream sauce and that straight
cream sauce was the alfredo and now
we're going to use it in our Piniella
vodka to just break down all the other
strong flavors the pancetta is strong
the shallots are showing the garlic's
are strong and then you have this great
tomato and now you're just going to
bring it all together with the with the
cream so now we're just going to kind of
move that around in a pan and let that
come together and get our pasta ready
and come back over and talk to the guys
here and we also have a bottle of wine
we're going to drink with this segment
why not you know can't have pasta
without one get a vodka and pasta
without wine it's all about that so this
is a bottle of Rosa Beach Anna which is
a blended sangiovese and multiple
channel great these two grapes work well
together the multiple channel what
you're going to have on it is initially
it's going to have that nice nice big
big mouth feel right and then afterwards
it's going to go smooth that sandrov is
is a smoother great that's our wine
segment of the day and we're learning a
little bit about everything here so you
guys usually drink wine or with your
pasta or what was going to ask boy read
why read your pasta for me it's red with
cream okay anything that's heavy and
rich and has this real big body to it
whether it's pasta whether it's even a
fish if I'm doing a cream sauce around
fish sometimes at night I like nice
smooth red wines so that was a great
question to you go gentlemen enjoy that
because your pastas coming up soon and
then last time it takes to open a bottle
of wine we started getting a nice cream
sauce so look at that as I move it away
from the pan see how it leaves a little
bit it's like parting the penne vodka
see so let's turn this down and as I did
before that was fun that was good that
was good
I come up with these on the flight as i
did before what I'm doing is
incorporating the pasta into the sauce
pan Nettie got a that's what these are
pendente got there they got that just
means ridges right and so what we're
doing is we take the ridges and we get
the sauce incorporated into the whole
thing that's what it's all about about
all these flavors coming together and
just a little bit of a toss which takes
just a little practice not to dirty our
beautiful stove there and we have the
sauce incorporated it's nice and rich
and thick and the only thing I need to
do is get it over to these guys with
their wine and here we go a little bit
for you my friend thank you so this this
design center that we're in right now is
pretty awesome we have a lot of
different things in here and we'll
probably get a scan around the place but
this was built and the set was built
with the idea of displaying kitchens but
then was it with the idea of you eating
all the time to write absolutely then
you called me up and made me cook yeah
it worked out perfect and it works out
great for all here we go a little Potter
medrano cheese over the top let's give
it a shot guys try it out that's our
second pasta dish now we're going to
come back and do a little bit more
variety right now we're just in tomato
and cream or just straight cream and
cheese but we're going to start adding
vegetables to it so for those of you
looking for a great vegetarian dish it
dig in guys because it's always good to
eat down well talk and when you're
thinking about a really good vegetarian
dish how do we finish that with cream
you'll see it all right after this
culinary minute
you